did you see he's gained some weight and
it's got the sparkle back in his eyes
he's clearly doing better I don't know
why are you hiding everything we said we
weren't going to do this again remember
I agree that if it weren't Christmas you
get a day this time tomorrow you are
back in sober living yeah okay you did
not leave my sight ever because for the
next 24 hours you are mine all mine got
it I got it he burns I thought you were
dead
I put my family in danger this is on you
if I don't deal with this then it could
be worse next time look okay you go in
pay the man
and get right back out lock the door I
can't be calm you need to go home if you
really knew me you'd be done with me no
you know no you don't mom you don't know
me
unlock the door Ben right now I told you
not to believe me and you didn't listen
[Music]
all I need is for you to do me just one
me I'm looking for my son
I can tell there's something wrong you
need to come here not without benefit I
just need you to fight by my side
the things that I've done to myself and
others we can't save them but you'll
hate yourself if you don't try
just tell me son where you want me to
bury you
I'm not going to die
anyways Here I am still here so thank
you thank you to see if I sink or swim
you